docs: update LLM Chat Test and LLM Playground features (#83)
lablup/backend.ai-docs-webui: docs/model_serving/model_serving.rst

   users who have access within that closed network can access the
   service.

> Using the LLM model directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Large Language Model
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you have created an LLM(Large Language Model) model service, you can try using the LLM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've created a Large Language Model (LLM) service, you can test the LLM in real-time. 
```

> model in real-time. Click the 'LLM Chat Test' button in the Service Endpoint column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply click the 'LLM Chat Test' button located in the Service Endpoint column. 
```

.. image:: LLM-chat-test.png
   :align: center
   :width: 500
   :alt: LLM Chat Test

Then, a modal for chatting will appear as shown below. You can input the text you want to
chat with the LLM model and click the 'Send' button or press 'Enter'. The LLM model will
respond to the text you entered.

.. image:: LLM-chat-modal.png
   :align: center
   :alt: LLM Chat Dialog

If you encounter issues connecting to the API, a custom modal will appear allowing you to
manually specify model settings. To use the model, you will need the following information:

> - baseURL: The base URL of the server where the model is located. Please ensure that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- baseURL: Base URL of the server where the model is located. 
```

>   version information is included. For example, if using the OpenAI API, you would enter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to include the version information. 
```

>   https://api.openai.com/v1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, when utilizing the OpenAI API, you should enter https://api.openai.com/v1. 
```

> - Model ID: The unique identifier of the model you want to use. For example, for GPT-4,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Model ID: Unique identifier of the model. To specify the model you wish to use, you would provide its unique identifier.  
```

>   you would enter gpt-4o.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, for GPT-4, you would input 'gpt-4o'. 
```

- token (optional): An authentication key to access the model service. Tokens can be 
  generated from various services, not just Backend.AI. The format and generation process
  may vary depending on the service. Always refer to the specific service's guide for details.
  For instance, when using the service generated by Backend.AI, please refer to the

>   :ref:`Generating Tokens<generating-tokens>` section for instructions on how to generate one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :ref:`Generating Tokens<generating-tokens>` section for instructions on how to generate tokens.
```
